style: apply /style-guide pass to models/integrations (#2673)
wandb/docs: models/integrations/composer.mdx

---
description: State-of-the-art algorithms to train your neural networks
title: MosaicML Composer
keywords: ["speed method", "Trainer.fit", "MPT training"]
---
import { ColabLink } from '/snippets/_includes/colab-link.mdx';

<ColabLink url="https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/examples/blob/master/colabs/mosaicml/MosaicML_Composer_and_wandb.ipynb" />

> [Composer](https://github.com/mosaicml/composer) is a library for training neural networks better, faster, and cheaper. It contains many state-of-the-art methods for accelerating neural network training and improving generalization, along with an optional [Trainer](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/using_the_trainer.html) API for _composing_ many different enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Composer](https://github.com/mosaicml/composer) is a library for training neural networks more faster and cheaper. It includes methods for accelerating training and improve generalization. Composer also has an optional [Trainer](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/using_the_trainer.html) API for composing many different enhancements.
```

Author: Applied (cleaned the grammar to 'better, faster, and cheaper… improving generalization').

> This page shows you how to use W&B with Composer so you can track, visualize, and compare your training runs. W&B provides a wrapper for logging your ML experiments, but you don't need to combine the two yourself: the Composer library incorporates W&B directly through the [WandBLogger](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/file_uploading.html#weights-biases-artifacts). This guide is for Composer users who want to log metrics, artifacts, and prediction samples to W&B.

Reviewer: Same comment
```suggestion
Use W&B with Composer to track, visualize, and compare your training runs. Composer includes built-in W&B logging through [WandBLogger](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/file_uploading.html#weights-biases-artifacts).
```

Author: Applied.

## Start logging to W&B

> To start logging your Composer training runs to W&B, pass a `WandBLogger` instance to the `Trainer`:

Reviewer: Call out the module each class comes from. Helps new users know which to use.

```suggestion
To start logging your Composer training runs to W&B, pass a `composer.loggers.WandBLogger` instance to the `composer.Trainer`:
```

Author: Applied — `composer.loggers.WandBLogger` / `composer.Trainer`.

## Logger arguments

> The following table describes the most common parameters you can use to customize how `WandBLogger` records your runs. For a full list and description, see the [Composer documentation](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/api_reference/generated/composer.loggers.WandBLogger.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes common parameters you can use to customize how `WandBLogger` records your runs. For a full list and description, see the [Composer documentation](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/api_reference/generated/composer.loggers.WandBLogger.html).
```

Reviewer: I would remove the table and just point to the docs. It's probably stale.

Author: Removed the table; the section now just links to the Composer docs.

## Log prediction samples

> In addition to scalar metrics, you can log rich media such as model predictions to W&B for qualitative review. You can use [Composer's Callbacks](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/callbacks.html) system to control when you log to W&B through the `WandBLogger`. The following example logs a sample of the validation images and predictions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to scalar metrics, you can log rich media such as model predictions to W&B for qualitative review. You can use [Composer's Callbacks](https://docs.mosaicml.com/projects/composer/en/stable/trainer/callbacks.html) system to control when you log to W&B with `WandBLogger`. The following example logs a sample of the validation images and predictions:
```

Author: Applied — 'log to W&B with `WandBLogger`'.
